Kazuma waited for the Fang family to accept his grandmother.
Make your own car,
If you are the truth,
It’s best to know clearly who you are,
Know your identity clearly,
Recognize your identity clearly, you are just a third-rate family figure,
Send home, two people who are familiar with each other's crimes,
Don't think about using you anymore. My hands are hungry.
The supply is rich, let alone the beauty that flies to our house,
Go ahead and clean it up in the end.
I don't want to give your Fang family any solution.
Your Fangqie doesn't mean anything.
If you want to put right sign contact
The eldest lady of the Shen family next to you
you should go find him
instead of looking for me
You must never dare to shoot me to death
You've failed
How dare you treat your elders so little? He doesn’t count.
This is the kind of thing that happens when life speeds up
You want me to teach you what a gift book is?
You are a waste
I dare to stay safe here
Not some
When I came to participate it was not for you
It's better to be more realistic
I will apologize now or else
I also spent a lot of time in Fengjia
will not be easy
Although when moving
I can't change anything yet
I'm a reasonable person
General Shen asked me to shoot to death
Even though you don’t know what the rules are
But I don't visit trade trade